chore(changelog): Update CHANGELOG.md (#13168)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

- Obscure side-effects that are not obviously apparent based on the JIRA associated with the changes.
Please avoid adding duplicate information across this changelog and JIRA/doc input pages.

## [4.4.6]

### Technical Changes

> - ROX-24326: Resolves an issue where a vulnerabilityRequest object in a network response is null for CVEs that have approved false positive vulnerability requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ROX-24326: Resolves an issue where a null vulnerabilityRequest object in a network response for CVEs that have approved false positive vulnerability requests causes a crash in the UI.
```
